=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

svg_graph.pl - Quick and easy SVG graph generation from Perl programs.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

do '/path/to/svg_graph.pl';

my $markup = svg(linegraph( title E<61>E<gt> "Example Graph",
                            data  E<61>E<gt> [ +{ name E<61>E<gt>  "Team One",
                                         values E<61>E<gt> [2 4 6 8 10], },
                                      +{ name   E<61>E<gt> "Team B",
                                         values E<61>E<gt> [1 2 4 8 16], }, ], ));

=head1 DESCRIPTION

svg_graph.pl defines a set of functions that can be called to create SVG
graph content from simple input.

=head2 LINE GRAPHS

The linegraph() function creates a simple line graph.
See example_linegraph.pl for an example of how to use it.

=head2 BAR GRAPHS

The bargraph() function creates a simple bar graph.
See example_bargraph.pl for an example of how to use it.

=head2 PIE CHARTS

The piechart() function creates a simple pie chart.
See example_piechart.pl for an example of how to use it.

=head1 AUTHOR

Jonadab the Unsightly One perpetrated this mess.  Blame him.

=head1 BUGS

This code is in early development, so almost all the features are
missing, and there are probably lots of bugs.  Fortunately, the source
code is provided, so if you have problems you can probably figure them
out and fix them on your own, assuming you are a Perl programmer.

Reporting discovered bugs to the author is encouraged.  The fastest
way to reach me is on the Freenode IRC network, where I normally go
by B<jonadab> and tend to leave my client connected 24/7, so even if
I am not actually online, you can leave me a /msg and I should get it
the next time I am online, in most cases.



